Christian Green is an e-commerce entrepreneur making big moves in the industry. He started dropshipping about two years ago and founded his first brand in 2019. Being a hard worker with vision, he made more than $120K in sales within the first month. His success in his new venture never slowed down as he continued to close the year with over one million dollars in sales. Christian has a deeper understanding of the dropshipping world as he maintained the high numbers throughout his second year in business. He is a diversity-oriented entrepreneur and has already established another brand within the same line of business. Unlike the previous brand, the new business has a fulfillment center located in California. But what makes @christiangreen.jpg stand out from the rest of the online retailers or dropshippers is his openness and love for transparency. He aims to distinguish himself from the fake people in the business, as he commonly refers to them. His primary motivation is to provide value to entrepreneurs looking to try their hand in the e-commerce space. Although he has somehow sidelined dropshipping, he sees a promising future for the industry especially post-pandemic. There is no doubt that it’s the hottest e-commerce trend presently, thanks to the many restrictions on movements. The widespread popularity and global adoption of the business model show that more consumers will embrace it moving forward. Sellers also seem to fall in love with the new business model. Everyone loves a low-risk business that they can quickly start, and that’s what dropshipping precisely provides. There is no way sellers will go back to stocking inventory that comes with hefty overhead costs and logistical issues. It will take something special to offset dropshipping from the top of e-commerce businesses. Heightened marketing strategies are also part of the future that Christian envisions for dropshipping. The rise of social media usage has a role because it has influenced the way buyers perceive a commercial. They want to see more than just product promotion with a catchy background story. Personalized ads have been a great digital marketing strategy and are gradually making their way into dropshipping. Christian insists on the importance of brand marketing as it is the only way to connect with buyers. The more the buyer connects with a brand, the more likely they will buy from you. You can only achieve such a connection through video ads that promote more than just the product or brand. Dropshipping businesses will have to adhere to and be at the forefront to champion environmental conservation soon. This will include a listing of environmentally-friendly products. The trend is not only for dropshippers only but also for the general e-commerce industry. This comes in the wake of widespread sustainability concerns on today’s environmental activities with worries about future generations. Shoppers nowadays want to know to what extent a brand is involved in the fight for environmental preservation. As Christian typically puts it, ‘dropshipping is not a quick-rich scheme’; the competition is bound to stiffen in the future. It would be best if you were proactive to do what is necessary to outshine your rivals and stay in business.